1. https://github.com/kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap
A developer roadmap is like a community effort to create guides, roadmaps, and other content that help developers
pick their path and guide their learnings. The author of this repository is remarkable because he has a file called readme, where he said if you want to contribute or add a new one, you have to reach out to his Twitter.
When they openly invite you to work or suggest recent changes, it is fantastic for the user to feel like they are doing
something incredible for the project. I think this is a worthwhile project because, as a programmer, you are always learning
new things, which will help you find good resources to help you.

2.https://github.com/matheusfelipeog/beautiful-docs
Like a developer, you always write code, and documentation is a crucial part of any software project
. When it comes to writing documented code and presenting it, it has another meaning. This project has cool things because
the author took his time to collect terms of structure, design, styling, diagrams, etc. Any user who doesn't know and
needs inspiration can go to the link and read the file"README.MD"' and find what they need.

3.https://github.com/sdmg15/Best-websites-a-programmer-should-visit
This project is a site that you can visit when you have trouble or don't know what to do. I like
this project because it has Youtube channels, websites for when you get stuck, news, etc.
 It is beneficial for programmers like us because sometimes we have doubts about what we can do, so what better to have good resources and solve those questions.

4.https://github.com/leereilly/games
Well, this is more a list than a project but contains open source games and projects that you play. I really like it
because the author of the list has an option where you can contribute and add a game or project that you want 
to show. For me, it is really cool because basically, all my classmates are from the game development, and I think this is 
going to be useful for them maybe when they want to submit a game.

5.https://github.com/github/gitignore/blob/main/Android.gitignore
This is a new term that we saw in class, and this gitignore is for Android studios. I chose this gitignore because Android studios 
are what I am going to use for my midterm project, so it is important to understand what this file does and what it has
inside. What I can see in this gitignore  in the comments is that it is going to ignore files and folders generated from Android
Studios, Local configuration files like SDK path, etc. I personally think that this gitignore is going to be useful when it comes to doing 
the midterm with my team because some files are really hard to find and take more process.